It's troubling times.
If you're just tuning in,
I'm here in Nerima ward,
where, yesterday afternoon,
Public Safety Devil Hunters
engaged in a large-scale battle.
But, according to several
eyewitness accounts,
devils weren't
their only opponents.
Many claim to have also
seen armed humans fight--
[POWER]
Be silent.
[POWER gasps]
[POWER yells]
Relinquish thine
apple so that I may
feast upon its succulent flesh!
Yeah, not happening.
These are all mine!
You ran like a little bitch,
so no apples for you!
And that's where you're wrong,
for I did not run!
I went home because
I grew hungry!
[DENJI]
Stop lying, you scaredy-Fiend!
[POWER] You are the one
fabricating here!
Don't change the subject
to fabrics all of a sudden!
[AKI]
Who else?
[BOTH]
Huh?
Who lived from Division Four?
That runt, Kobeni.
Guess the quiet guy with
the glasses also counts,
'cept he quit Public Safety.
[DENJI] Miss Makima was
askin' for me and Powy,
so we're gonna bounce.
We came to eat your get-well
fruit, nothing more. [chuckles]
[DENJI]
Here. I can be a nice guy, too.
See ya.
Curse, how many years
do I have left?
[CURSE DEVIL]
Two.
[AKI crying]
[DENJI] I come back for my manga
and the dude's cryin'.
[AKI crying]
[DENJI] I can't really
blame him, though.
A bunch of his work pals
ate it yesterday,
and that death toll
included his partner.
[gasps]
[DENJI]
Wait.
Huh?
[DENJI]
I haven't, like, cried at all.
[DENJI] I was pretty damn sad
when Pochita died.
[DENJI] But I don't feel
nothin' for Himeno. Huh.
She was the first person ever
who called herself
my friend, too.
Am I a stone-cold piece of shit?
Would I cry if Power died?
Nah. I don't think so.
Can't see myself
gettin' teary-eyed
over Hayakaptain either.
[DENJI]
What if Miss Makima died?
That one might actually sting.
Bet I'd be bummin' for a while.
Like, it'd take three days
before I'd snap back to happy.
But that's just it.
If I've got warm baths,
good sleep,
breakfast, lunch,
'n' dinner, I'm golden.
[gasps]
[DENJI] Maybe when I
lost my human heart,
I also lost my human emotions.
[DENJI] Eh, no point in
takin' it so seriously.
Huh?
This stuff's no fun,
so thinking 'bout it's
bound to be a buzzkill!
We're better off seein'
what Miss Makima wants.
[POWER]
Such melancholy.
[knocking]
[TENDO]
Pardon the intrusion.
Hey there. Were you just crying?
Should we step out a moment?
Do I know you guys?
No, not yet.
We're agents from Kyoto
here to coach your squad
at Makima's personal request.
Nice apple there. Can I have it?
[AKI]
"Coach"?
[MAKIMA] Given the hotel
incident and this latest attack,
it's become evident the enemy
forces are targeting Denji.
My intention was to
strengthen Division Four
as a countermeasure,
then most of you died.
Are you sayin' you're
gonna train us yourself?
Sadly, my plate's a bit too full
to add in training sessions.
But that's why we're
in this cemetery.
I'm introducing you to
someone ideal for the job.
--This gentleman's name is--
--[KISHIBE] Shh.
Shut it.
[KISHIBE] All I wanna hear
are your answers.
How'd you feel about
your comrades dying?
It's whatever.
I thought, "Oh, they're
all dead now."
[KISHIBE]
Do either of you want revenge?
That ain't my scene.
Shit's super depressing.
Verily.
[KISHIBE] Humans or devils.
Which side are you on?
The side that's gonna
take the best care of me.
The one that's winning.
[KISHIBE] Know what you
just got? Perfect scores.
[BOTH]
Huh?
Types like you two are
few and far between.
This is great. I love it.
Scary.
[KISHIBE] Go if you got
somewhere to be, Makima.
I'm starting with them
right here and now.
I'll leave you to it, then.
You're leaving?
I'm a Public Safety Hunter
from Special Division One.
I get a real kick outta
being called "master,"
so that's how you're
gonna refer to me.
Hobbies include
drinkin' booze, gettin' ladies,
and makin' devils dead.
Huh?
Awkward.
[cracking]
[DENJI, POWER groaning]
Holy shit.
My legs fail me.
Biologically, your skeletal
and muscle structures
are like any human's.
A broken neck leaves
both of our kinds paralyzed.
What sets you
devils apart, though...
I smell blood!
[KISHIBE] With a little blood,
you're right as rain again.
[DENJI] Damn it. What the hell
was that, grandpa?
That was just me
training you kiddos up,
like Makima asked.
Not sure why, but the Gun Devil
has its sights set
on your heart,
so the fact that you're
a scrub who consistently
gets his ass handed
to him is a problem.
Crushing pupils
qualifies as training?
If said pupils were
normal humans, then no.
Teachin' devils is a whole
new ballgame for me.
Tried mulling over my strategy
while knocking back some drinks,
and it hit me.
Giant light bulb went off and
illuminated this boozy brain.
See, I'm the best
Devil Hunter in the world.
Any devil that can take down
a powerhouse like me'd
be a powerhouse, too.
So until you're strong enough
to make me beg for mercy,
it's open season
on both your asses.
A plague afflicts
this fusty sir's mind!
Duh.
[KISHIBE]
Where were we?
He's a drunk geezer, but they'll
arrest us if we kill 'im.
[POWER]
Denji!
[DENJI gasps]
[POWER groans]
[KISHIBE]
The boy is straight-up immortal.
We can call the Fiend
semi-immortal, I guess.
And neither of you showed
a single hint of hesitation
about bashing someone's head in.
In short, you have
no human rights.
Didn't know my own strength
when I was a tyke,
so I used to break
my toys a lot.
Always wanted playthings
that could take a beating.
Just you wait.
By the time I'm
finished with you two,
you'll be a pair of
serious badasses.
Kon.
See? It won't answer you.
You had the Fox bite off more
than either of you could chew
and got so far on
its bad side that
I doubt it'll ever
help you again.
And that sword of yours
is from the Curse Devil, right?
How many more times
can you use it?
So is this what you
meant by "coaching"?
Glad you're so quick
on the uptake.
[TENDO] As you surmised,
we're consulting the humans
in the Special Division
about their careers.
Rude as this may sound,
don't you think it's a good time
to hang up the suit
and call it quits?
Someone else from
Squad Four thought as much
and already went private.
If you're set on stayin'
in the game, though,
then you'll need to be
sufficiently prepared to play.
Prepared?
Yep. Prepared.
[TENDO] The only way
I see you sticking around
is if you contract
with stronger devils
so you can actually
contribute to your team.
[KUROSE]
Will you resign and enjoy
what life you've
got left to live,
or stay and learn the true
meaning of the word hell?
The devils that killed
my family and my partner
are still out there.
How can I quit
knowing that they're alive?
[KUROSE]
Okay. I gotcha.
Since it's getting pretty late,
let's call it a day.
We'll be back tomorrow with
the paperwork and whatnot.
[KUROSE] Looks like what they
told us in Kyoto was spot on.
They said, "Everybody who works
in the Special Division
is outta their minds,
so watch yourself."
Maybe try to take
a more objective look
at where you're standing.
You have yet another visitor.
Please, excuse us, miss.
[gasps]
[KISHIBE] It's past my bedtime,
so I'm headin' home.
I'll pick you kids up
from your place tomorrow.
[DENJI groaning]
[groans]
Has your feeble brain
broken again?
Heal! Heal! Heal!
Heal!
[gasps]
Powy? How many times did I die?
At least 20 that I witnessed.
Whenever you were slain,
I was usually
unconscious, as well,
so there's really no telling.
[POWER]
The old coot is too fearsome.
[DENJI] S'gonna suck all the fun
outta life if this keeps up.
I was workin' hard cuz
I wanted to enjoy living,
so dealin' with this is
a steaming pile of bullshit.
Then shall we flee together?
If we do, Public Safety's
gonna be hot on our tail,
and when they catch us,
we'll get the real devil
treatment this time.
[DENJI]
That crusty, plastered bastard.
Can't believe he's treating us
like we're just
a couple of his toys!
It's pissin' me off so bad,
you don't even know!
But I do know!
Know what?
[POWER] A scheme to defeat
the heinous tosspot!
He's a mighty foe, to be sure.
However, the dram he consumes
rots away his intellect!
Hence, we should make use of
ours to overcome the lush. Yes?
Yeah, okay, I feel that.
The timing of this actually
couldn't be more perfect.
Lately I been thinkin'
about how sweet it'd be
to fight like a brainy
character in a manga!
We shall completely
trounce him in a war of wits!
[DENJI]
Damn. I'm feeling smarter
just from talkin'
about being smarter!
[POWER chuckles]
Et tu, Denji?
I have invented
100 stratagems already!
[DENJI] All I know is two heads
are better than one,
so puttin' ours
together has gotta
make it harder for us to lose.
[POWER] Thus, the player
becomes the plaything!
[KISHIBE] They live in one of
these apartments, I think.
This blood's scent is familiar.
The souse, he approacheth!
Gotta ante up his life if he's
willing to ruin ours, right?
Let the cerebral
warfare commence.
Nice blood weapon.
Aimed straight at my head, too.
So, it's an ambush, is it?
A role reversal of
the hunter and the hunted.
Ow.
Most solid attempt at
getting me thus far.
Just shows all manner of prey
will use its head when cornered.
Keep at it, kid.
You guys botched this
attack for two reasons.
Your arsenal, while impressive,
was made entirely of blood
weapons and left Power anemic.
Whereas you weren't
the slightest bit prepared
for a counterattack.
[DENJI groans]
[KISHIBE] But, all in all,
a good try, so let's call it.
S'five o'clock somewhere.
Hey, Powy. He said
we're done for today.
Lucky us.
[chuckles]
Wh-Wha?
Beasts should
know better than to
trust anything a hunter
says to them.
Brace yourself, 'cause I
bet this new contract's
gonna be pretty rough.
Strong devils cut demanding
deals more often than not.
You're aware we aren't
making you do this
out of cruelty or as some
twisted joke, right, Aki?
The minute you're ready
to get back to work,
you'll be jumping
into a lion's den.
You'll need a weapon
to protect yourself.
[KUROSE] When Public Safety
captures a devil alive,
they lock 'em up down here.
Let's find you a fitting weapon.
So about that pretty girl
from the hospital.
You two an item, or what?
Prying into private
lives again? Give it a rest.
[AKI] She was my partner's
younger sister.
That's rough.
Hike up your hospital bill?
[AKI]
No. She had letters to give me.
What letters?
[HIMENO'S SISTER]
So, um, these are letters
Sis sent me over
the past few years.
You should read them.
I think so, at least.
[gasps]
[KUROSE] Let's hope
108's your lucky number,
'cause this is the devil
we picked for you.
And we chose the Future Devil.
Currently has contracts with
two Public Safety agents.
One gave half their lifespan.
The other gave their senses
of taste and smell,
along with both their eyes.
[KUROSE] Hopefully it likes you
and you'll get a bargain.
[KUROSE]
Well, then. After you.